        
        UNCHA - Batch Background Removal Tool - USER GUIDE DOCUMENTATION

        FOREWORD

        This is the Free Version of UNCHA. Please consider paying for the Paid (PREMIUM) Version 
    which has more features, no ads, continued support and will help me pay my bills. I'm a 
    poor poor person who needs to pay my bills, but I'm not able to sometimes because I have 
    soo soo little money. This is the type of ad that will be removed when you pay for the 
    Premium version of UNCHA which is on sale for one low price of $5 USD. But there's a sale, 
    send me any money at all even a dollar and you can download the PREMIUM Version. Yay!
    Now that that's out of the way lets get to the user guide!

        1. HOW TO USE

        This application will pull all the files in a user specified directory and search that folder 
    for all images. The found images are copied, then the copy of the image is processed to have the Background
    removed then it is saved as a transparent png with the same name as the original image file to the user
    specified target directory.

        Once valid Path in and out are selected click the "Set as Default" buttons to save them for next time.

        Please ensure that the Path in and Path out are not the same directory. 

        Please ensure that the Path in and Path out are specified and valid directories.

        Please ensure that there are image files located in the Path In directory.

        Please ensure that images are of the file types - PNG, GIF, and/or TIFF


        2. IMAGE QUALITY - Supported file types: PNG, TIFF, & GIF 
        
        (JPG, & JPEG are not supported)

        Image file type will be converted to image with transparent background and keep their file type, So a TIFF image 
    will yield a Transparent TIFF and a GIF image will yield a Transparent GIF image. JPEG files are not supported as 
    JPEG does not support Transparent JPEG images. Most use cases for this software are for the PNG image to 
    Transparent PNG image file. This works well and has good support accross most design and web applications.

        UNCHA supports PNG, TIFF, and GIF images. Support for other image types will be added when able to do so.

        UNCHA has limitations on what backgrounds are removable. UNCHA will not be able to remove some backgrounds.

        UNCHA works best with images that have a clear subject and a well defined background. 

        (However it may do more difficult images, try it on harder gackgrounds to see it's capabilities)








